Add docs for `HTMLLinkElement.integrity` and `HTMLScriptElement.integrity` (#33355)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlscriptelement/index.md

  - : A string; an obsolete way of registering event handlers on elements in an HTML document.
- {{domxref("HTMLScriptElement.fetchPriority")}}
  - : An optional string representing a hint given to the browser on how it should prioritize fetching of an external script relative to other external scripts. If this value is provided, it must be one of the possible permitted values: `high` to fetch at a high priority, `low` to fetch at a low priority, or `auto` to indicate no preference (which is the default). It reflects the `fetchpriority` attribute of the {{HTMLElement("script")}} element.
- {{domxref("HTMLScriptElement.integrity")}}

>   - : A string that reflects the inline metadata that user agent can use to verify that a fetched resource has been delivered free of unexpected manipulation. It reflects the `integrity` attribute of the {{HTMLElement("script")}} element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : A string that reflects the inline metadata that a user agent can use to verify that a fetched resource has been delivered free of unexpected manipulation. It reflects the `integrity` attribute of the {{HTMLElement("script")}} element.
```

>   - : A string that reflects the inline metadata that a user agent can use to verify that a fetched resource has been delivered free of unexpected manipulation. It reflects the `integrity` attribute of the {{HTMLElement("script")}} element.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - : A string that contains inline metadata that a browser can use to verify that a fetched resource has been delivered without unexpected manipulation. It reflects the `integrity` attribute of the {{HTMLElement("script")}} element.
```
